there was smart and simply blew out the
candle after death left that's why the
candle never burned out George Smith was
murdered on Sunday evening there were
five other people in his house mr.
Smith's wife I'm betting she did it his
personal cook a butler a housemaid and a
gardener they all told detective Stevens
what they were doing that evening mrs.
Smith was reading a book near a
fireplace the cook was making breakfast
the butler was giving instructions to
workers in the living room the housemaid
was washing the dishes the gardener was
watering plants in the greenhouse right
after all the conversations the
detective arrested the murderer who was
the killer
and how did Stevens find the criminal
will you be able to solve this riddle in
15 seconds if you want more time to
consider this case you can always pause
the video
[Music]
well what is your answer the criminal
was the cook of course he was I knew
that all the time the murder was
committed in the evening but he said he
was making breakfast he had to pay more
attention to what he was saying you know
what I think mrs. Smith paid the
gardener to kill her husband because he
was having an affair with a housemaid ah
it all fits on the river it was a hot
summer day but inspector Varna he was on
duty fortunately he wasn't sitting in a
stuffy office room
the detective along with his assistant
was chasing a dangerous criminal
following in his footsteps they found
themselves on the shore of a small but
very deep and Rapid River the inspector
and his assistant saw some swimmers
approached them and asked we are looking
for a guy of approximately your age he
must be somewhere nearby have you seen
him the reply came immediately he ran
past us just a few minutes ago he flung
himself into the river right here you
can see him on the other side of the
river hurry if you want to catch him the
nice guy even offered to give Varna Key
his boat but the inspector refused let
them run away said the inspector now I
want to get acquainted with you why did
the inspector decide to pay attention to
the boys and not chase the fugitive on
the other side don't hurry with the
answer you have some time to think if
it's not enough pause the video analyze
look for any details on the picture that
can help you out
[Music]
well what could raise the suspicion to
state the guys were in but it's typical
for the beach hot summer day attired
something about the bushes the sand the
river what is your idea or perhaps you
have already figured it out so who is
the criminal if you have been attentive
you must remember that the streamflow
was very fast and the river itself deep
and rough if someone had decided to
cross it they would have immediately
drowned even if the criminal had been a
talented sportsman and managed to cross
the river he would have been taken away
from that place by the current there's
no way he could end up on the other side
so the criminal is one of those who
stood on the shore in front of the
inspector and his assistant got it right
very good give us a thumbs up and let's
move to the next riddle an old man
decided to leave all the money he'd been
saving his whole life to one of his
three sons but he couldn't decide which
son deserved the money so he provided
each of them with one coin and asked
them to buy something that would fill
their biggest room the oldest son bought
some cotton wool but it was too little
to fill the whole room the middle son
brought home straw but there was still
some empty space in the room as for the
youngest son he bought two things that
immediately filled the room earning him
his father's money what did he bring
home you have just 10 seconds to
understand what these two objects were
however if you need more time pause the
video
[Music]
the youngest son turned out to be the
wisest the money his father had given
him was more than enough to buy a box of
matches and a candle after he lit the
candle the room was instantly filled
with light
your task is the following empty one jar
of milk and one jar of water into a ball
oh wait you couldn't think this would be
that simple
there are several conditions you must be
able to differentiate between the milk
and the water you can separate the milk
from the water
and finally you aren't allowed to use
any kinds of dividers to keep these two
liquids apart wow that's a task even
Cinderella didn't have to deal with will
you be able to figure out how to
separate the inseparable 20 seconds for
you to do this
[Music]
in fact all you need to do is the pour
the water into the ball first and freeze
it then after that just add the milk and
then you have milk on the rocks a body
of a man was found in the flat at some
moment he collapsed against his desk a
gun in his hand
the police found a cassette recorder
nearby when they pressed the play button
what they heard was I can't live like
this anymore
then the sound of a gunshot was heard
however the detective immediately
figured out that it was a murder how did
he realize that it wasn't a suicide
surely you already know the answer if
not you still have some time
if the man had killed himself he by no
means would have been able to rewind the
tape conclusion there was someone else I
was standing on a 100 foot high ladder
he was planning to paint one of the
walls of his house yellow unfortunately
it had rained several hours earlier
which is why he slipped from the ladder
and fell to the ground
this may seem surprising but he didn't
die or suffer an injury how did he
manage to survive the ladder was too
high for an ordinary person to fall off
without getting hurt
could Paul levitate what are your
thoughts
[Music]
the reason for this miraculous survival
was the fact that Paul was standing on
the bottom rung of the ladder the
detective was speaking to a doctor in a
waiting room when a dismayed man rushed
in and screamed somebody shot my wife
the detective asked the man to tell him
everything the man mr. Carr said that he
was at work when his housekeeper called
him and said that something terrible had
happened to his wife and that she was in
the intensive care unit he hung up
immediately and went to the hospital
when Mr Clarke finished his story
the detective arrested him on the
attempted murder charge why did he do
this
[Music]
can the detective read minds what is
your opinion you have just a few seconds
left to make your guess in fact mr.
Clark didn't know anything about a shot
his housekeeper only said that something
bad had happened to his wife no firearm
had been mentioned by the way are you
also keeping count of how many couples
are killing their spouses so much spouse
aside what does this say about our
society well firstly the killers all
screw it up but I digress Christmas
mystery Inspector var Nicky who you
already know was on duty during the
Christmas holidays poor guy on the
morning of December 25th he went on a
call he rang the doorbell and a minute
later a sleepy apartment owner opened it
the inspector introduced himself and
said I have to inspect your apartment
carefully your neighbor says that
yesterday on Christmas Eve he came to
your place for a party and while he was
singing songs along with your family
next to your Christmas tree shining with
multicolored lights you broke into his
apartment and stole a number of valuable
items the surprised owner replied that's
not true our family celebrated Christmas
Eve at our friend's place we left our
apartment and went to them in the
afternoon I had barely time to decorate
the Christmas tree before we went away
we returned home way past midnight and
went to sleep right away if you want I
can wake my wife and son up and they'll
confirm all I've said there's no need
for that interrupt an inspector Varna
key it's quite obvious to me that your
neighbour is a liar how did inspector
Varna kee managed to catch the neighbor
and Ally so quickly
what do you think of this case let's
consider the situation together well
perhaps the man sounded very sincere but
was it enough for the inspector to
believe him could he have the proof of
the suspects words maybe somebody saw
the family returning from visiting their
friend could the inspector noticed
something confirming the statement of
the apartment owner compare your ideas
with the answer right here why did the
detective call the neighbor a liar again
nothing too complicated or mysterious
just an exercise to check how attentive
you are if you take another look at the
Christmas tree you will notice that the
garland is missing one bulb and you know
that it wouldn't be working without it
Fiona really did decorate the Christmas
tree in a hurry and he didn't check
whether the lights were working or not
the neighbour couldn't have known this
and he lied about singing songs next to
a shining multicolored tree by the way a
Garland's frayed cord doesn't prevent it
from shining but can you imagine how
professional and attentive the inspector
is if you had the same qualities and
managed to find the answer
press alike and look at the next riddle
Jane gets in the shower but surprisingly
her hair isn't wet after she gets out
how is this possible while some
solutions may look obvious to you this
situation isn't so clear use your 10
seconds to mull it over
[Music]
Jane's hair is dry because she didn't
turn on the water there's a magician
famous for the tricks he performs one of
such tricks is staying under the water
for 10 minutes however one day John
smart challenges the magician saying
that he will stay under the water for
two minutes longer to say that the
magician is surprised is to say nothing
he accepts the bet and promises John to
give him five thousand dollars if he
does beat the record
all in all John wins and gets his money
how does he manage to do this do you
think that John could be practicing not
to breathe underwater since childhood or
perhaps he's an unfitting what's your
idea you have 20 seconds to make up your
mind
[Music]
well to tell you the truth John was
cheating just a bit
he took a glass filled it with water and
held it over his head for 12 minutes yep
always read the fine print on the
contracts you sign
[Music]
how would you name this tree write the
names that came to your mind in the
comment section below but the actual
challenge was to notice the camouflaged
bird on the trick if you did well Don a
[Music]
man carrying two bags with sand crosses
the Mexican border on a bicycle every
day customs officers regularly check the
bags and all the time they contain sand
it is obvious that the man smuggled
something but the officers can't realize
what it is exactly as they don't have
any proof the man crosses the border
without interruptions what does he
smuggle your time has started
[Music]
this creative individual distracts the
custom officers attention with the bags
of sand but in fact he smuggles bicycles
[Music]
you have two buckets of fresh tap water
the temperature of the water inside the
first bucket is 25 degrees Celsius while
the water inside the second bucket is 25
degrees Fahrenheit
you drop a coin into each bucket the
height is the same the speed of the
coins is the same and they hit the water
at the same time but can you predict
which coin will touch the bottom first
10 seconds to solve this puzzle the coin
in the first bucket will fall to the
bottom of the bucket first at 25 degrees
Celsius water is liquid while at 25
degrees Fahrenheit it turns into ice a
[Music]
man told the police that he had come
home from work to find his wife's dead
body lying in the middle of the parlor
he said she had apparently found his gun
in his desk and shot herself
however the policeman knew at once that
the man was lying how did he know 15
seconds is all you have to solve this
mystery
[Music]
the policeman noticed that the man had
an empty gun holster attached to his
Bell it meant he'd either been about to
take the gun with him or had it on him
all along
the former couldn't be true because he
said he'd come home from work and found
his wife dead that's why we are left
with the latter not the latter the
latter which proves that the man had
actually shot his wife apartment complex
in New York in an apartment complex
typical for New York there are 100
married couples so no wonder that when
one of the husbands cheats on his wife
with one of the other wives his wife has
no idea but you know the law of life the
truth always gets revealed and with a
large amount of gossip in the complex
all of the other wives know he is
cheating but unlike any other place the
rules of punishment for unfaithfulness
in this complex are very peculiar and
even terrifying if a wife finds out that
her husband is cheating on her she kills
him the following morning whoops and
guess what happens someone anonymously
sends an email to all of the wives in
the building saying that at least one
man is cheating on his wife in the
building how many husbands will be
killed and how long will it take
well this riddle is a bit further up on
the cruelty scale but don't let it
bother and distract you this task seems
to challenge your logical thinking are
you ready to face it off don't hurry and
don't give up remember you can pause the
video take a piece of paper and a pen
and do whatever you need to solve this
riddle draw a scheme perhaps or a dead
husband so let's uncover the truth now
how many husbands and how much time
[Applause]
[Music]
all of the men let's say that their
quantity is n who are cheating will be
killed and it will take one less night
than the number of the cheating men n
minus one for their wives to discover
this if one man was cheating and his
wife hadn't heard of any other
infidelity
she would know it was her husband that
was cheating if there were two men
cheating both of their wives would think
that since they have only heard of one
man cheating he should die the next
morning if he doesn't die they decide
that their husband must also be cheating
and that's why the other husband didn't
died following this logic you know that
all of the men will die after one last
night than the number of the cheating
men voila
how did this one seem to you mind
twisting or easy-peasy good for you if
you manage to solve it if not don't get
upset it indeed was confusing
why does a hairstylist prefer to cut the
hair of two blondes than one red haired
person you have ten seconds to
understand the quirk of this stylist
[Music]
well obviously the stylist prefers to
blondes after all he gets paid twice as
much for two haircuts than for one Sam
Princeton is so unhappy with his life so
frustrated with his boss picking at him
and so angry with himself for being too
weak to leave his job and start a new
life that he shoots himself right
between his eyes in the bathroom the
bullets are real the revolver is real as
well however in just a second Sam goes
out of the bathroom alive and unharmed
how is it possible hmm that's not a
piece of cake or perhaps you've already
figured it out if not you still have 20
seconds to use
[Music]
the thing is that Sam didn't shoot at
his real self he shot his reflection in
the mirror can you manage this one in
five seconds I'll give you twenty
seconds but try to solve it as fast as
possible the mistake is not in the
numbers or their colors the mistake is
that the word spot appears twice your
brain doesn't always show you the
reality it often shows what it is used
to
there are many short texts on the
internet that have repeating words that
most people don't notice until they
finish the text and read the description
if you have bad eyes you might have
noticed that things most often words you
couldn't see from a distance become
clearer when somebody tells you what's
written there it's not that your eyes
became better it's your brain completes
the picture a man is accused of killing
his wife his lawyer in his final
statement declares that the wife of the
man in fact hasn't been killed and will
enter the courtroom in a minute
everybody in the room including the
judge and the jury turns and looks at
the door and the lawyer with the
defendant looks at them several minutes
pass and the lawyer says it proves that
you are not so sure that my client has
killed his wife otherwise you wouldn't
believe me almost immediately after that
the jury comes up with a guilty verdict
why does it happen 15 seconds to find
the answer
[Music]
the man who had been accused wasn't
looking at the door he was sure his wife
wouldn't enter as he had killed her
there is a patch of magic grass in a
field and it doubles in quantity every
day if on day one it's one patch of
grass on day two there will be two
patches and so on it takes ten days for
the grass to cover the entire field how
long will it take for the grass to cover
half of the field hide your calculators
they won't help you out better turn on
your lateral thinking
the grass doubles in quantity every day
so on the ninth day it will be half the
quantity it is on the tenth day half of
the field will be covered on the ninth
day Tom was walking in the woods when he
suddenly came upon a big house the house
look abandoned so Tom in true scary
movie form decided to check it out but
as soon as he walked in you know what
happened the door behind him slammed
shut
Tom found a note saying the door behind
him is locked but there are four
unlocked doors that he can use to get
out the problem is what's behind those
doors if Tom opens the first door he'll
immediately fall into a tank full of
hungry sharks the room behind the second
door is filled with lethal gas behind
the third door awaits an unescapable
well full of water and if Tom chooses
the fourth door he'll face a chainsaw
wielding serial killer who murdered 100
people in 1918 alone
dang psycho so which door should Tom
choose to survive you're ten seconds
starts now
[Music]
what a choice to make huh looks like
death is behind each one well death is
waiting behind each door except for the
last one
although the killer sounds like the last
thing you'd want to choose he was
slaying people a century ago so Tom will
probably just be met by a dusty old
skeleton covered in cobwebs harmless
well unless you don't like dust or
spiders
[Music]
mr. and mrs. Clyde went on a trip to the
mountains but two days later mr. Clyde
returned home alone he went to the
police and said that mrs. Clyde had
fallen to her death
the next day detective Stevens visited
mr. Clyde and arrested him for his
wife's murder
Clyde confessed his guilt and asked the
detective how he found out he was the
murderer Steven said he simply called a
travel agent and asked for some
information what did the travel agent
say to the detective
[Music]
what is your version did it have
anything to do with the insurance
perhaps you have just a few seconds left
do you know the answer the words of the
travel agent shed light on the whole
situation mr. Clyde bought two plane
tickets to the mountains and only one
return ticket ah if only mrs. Clyde had
known hey blame the Beatles she didn't
have a ticket to ride hot summer day it
was a hot summer day and a police
detective decided to catch a little Sun
by the banks of a river suddenly he
heard a woman crying
surely he couldn't help but rush to help
what's happened
he asked the sobbing girl please calm
down and tell me everything one step at
a time that's easy for you to say said
the girl between sobs you can't even
imagine how dear that bracelet was to me
I come here every day today I took off
my bracelet while sunbathing placed it
on top of my book and accidentally fell
asleep I woke up and the bracelet wasn't
there anymore
the inspector fell into deep thought
there were no footsteps left by other
people in the sand around where the girl
had been sitting apart from her own
there were no other people in the
vicinity it followed that only one of
the regular visitors to the beach could
have taken the bracelet these people had
now formed a thick wall all around the
inspector he looked at them and within a
moment understood who could have taken
it clever him what about you what's your
idea hmm maybe the thief is the guy with
the tennis racket he seems to look too
innocent or the woman she is the only
one holding a bag perhaps she put the
bracelet inside do you agree time is
running out you need to give the answer
soon
[Music]
the main hint here was the phrase that
there were no footprints around the
place and the only person who could
reach the bracelet without leaving any
footsteps in the sand is the one with
the fishing rod he was the first person
to fall under suspicion an unlucky man
gets trapped in a room there were only
two doors through which he can escape
however behind the first door is a room
made from magnifying glass as soon as
the man sets foot in there
the boiling hot Sun will instantly fry
him as for the second door it hides a
furious fire-breathing dragon how can
the man escape will you be able to help
free the man from the trap remember that
you have just ten seconds to do this
it's actually pretty simple to escape
from the room the man has to wait until
sunset and leave through the first door
in the city where people are keen on
brain teasers and riddles four percent
of people don't list their phone numbers
so if we select 40 random people from
the phone directory how many of them
will have unlisted numbers oops
seems you'll have to apply some
knowledge of mathematics here 20 seconds
to refresh everything you've ever
learned the answer may make you
indignant you've opened your math school
books after all but it's zero percent if
the numbers of these forty people are in
the phone directory
they are already listed by default do
you see a hidden baby that's not mine
either
if you follow the thin branches of the
tree you will see the outline of a baby
in the fetal position its feet and toes
are on the right side of the picture
arms are in the middle and head is on
the left one more thing
it's good that he doesn't have teeth
because his bark is better than his bite
a woman was having breakfast at a nice
restaurant at one moment she noticed a
fly in her coffee
she was indignant and made the way to
bring her another cup of the drink after
he returned with a new cup of coffee she
shouted what is the service in this
place you have brought me the same cup
of coffee now did she understand it
perhaps the woman was a psychic what do
you think
[Music]
she had already put sugar in her
previous cup of coffee when she tried
the new one it was sweet
[Music]
there are ten people in a room they are
standing in a circle so that each person
can see the entire room and everyone
else you must place an apple in such a
way that all the people but one can see
it where do you place the apple hmm
isn't this a tough question could there
be any nooks or secret spots in the room
10 seconds to figure it out
[Music]
in fact you don't need any special
hiding spots to fulfill the conditions
of the riddle just place the Apple on
someone's head
Adam is given a deck of 52 cards he
knows that there are 13 cards facing up
while the rest are facing down in a
random order he needs to create two
piles with the same number of cards
facing up oh and Adam is blindfolded and
can't see a thing so how can he do it
easy Adam just needs to take the first
13 cards from the top and simply flip
them over done if you don't believe it
let's break it down together
imagine you took the first 13 cards from
the top let's say there are nine cards
in that group that are facing up that
means the remaining pile would only have
four cards facing up since we know from
the beginning that 13 of the 52 cards
were facing up so if you flip the first
pile over four cards will be facing up
and nine will be facing down four and
four there you go
a millionaire was shot in the forehead
at his own home detective Stevens spoke
to the millionaires three sons Jack John
and James who were at home Jack said
that night John their father oh let me
guess the wife's name is Jane I'll bet
anyway
the father had been at an official
reception they arrived home and entered
the living room his father came in first
then John and Jack himself when their
father came up to the stairs
James entered the living room and shot
their father John confirmed Jack's
information James said he had visited
his friends that night when he arrived
home his father had already been dead
the detective understood everything
immediately so who was the killer
and how did Stephens resolve that case
what do you think
[Music]
the word of one brother against two
others a tricky case or have you already
figured out what happened let's check if
you were right John and Jack lied if
James had killed their father a bullet
would have shot him in the nape because
he wanted to go upstairs
however the wound was on his forehead
all right I was thinking it was Jane but
now you have seven guests at your
birthday party and you've got to figure
out how to cut your round birthday cake
only three times to make eight equal
size slices seven for your guests and
one for you of course
times a-tickin and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces do the
same thing but this time horizontally to
make four slices your third and final
cut should be laterally across the cake
which will quickly turn your four slices
into eight so how'd you do on this one
and no worries he still got tons more a
[Music]
truck driver isn't paying attention to
the road and gets stuck under an
overpass that is a mere inches too low
for his truck he starts panicking and
calls his boss however his boss gives
him an order after fulfilling which the
driver manages to get out of the trap
with ease
what is the boss's order are you as
experienced as the drivers boss 10
seconds more and we'll figure it out
the boss told the man's who let the air
out of his tires this way the truck
became a couple of inches shorter and
managed to back out of the overpass
[Music]
which line is longer of course line a is
longer that's so obvious right
well not for everybody or rather not
always there was a research on
conformity that looked like this
five people were asked which of two
lines was longer the answer was always
simple but four of the tested people
were asked to lie so technically there
was only one real subject the people
lied very convincingly so the subject
didn't want to stand out and gave the
wrong answer the same phenomenon can be
illustrated with jokes if you're in a
group of people and somebody tells a
joke that everybody finds funny you will
laugh too even if you don't get it or
don't think it's funny
well maybe not you but approximately 75
percent of people do so of course
everybody laughs at my jokes right liars
a man was found shot to death in his car
the policemen were puzzled as there was
no gunpowder on his clothes or anywhere
else in the car this meant the person
who shot him was outside but all the
windows were closed all the doors locked
and the only bullet hole was on the
man's body how was it possible perhaps
some mystic powers here's your 15
seconds
[Music]
the answer is actually quite simple the
car where the man had been killed was a
convertible when the fatal shot sounded
the roof was down there are two cars
blue and red the blue car is going at a
speed of 60 miles per hour and the speed
of the red car is 40 miles per hour they
both started at the same point in time
however after some time on the road they
still cross each other at some point how
is that possible which laws of physics
do these cars neglect to encounter each
other can you understand this in just 10
seconds
[Music]
the trick lies in the fact that they are
traveling in opposite directions look
carefully at these five figures the
question is simple which one of these
objects does not belong in the group a
good old odd one out riddle here are
your ten seconds did you figure it out
get it figure anyway if you choose the
first figure congratulations you're
absolutely right
and why is that because it's the only
object that doesn't have an individual
trait the second one is round which is
different from any other shape the third
object doesn't have an outline around it
the fourth one is a different color from
the rest and the fifth shape is much
smaller than the others so we're simply
left with the first figure which is the
only one that's not odd in any way yeah
tricked yeah
Mary and Ben lived with their four
friends one day Ben came home and found
Mary dead on a sofa bummer
he called the police the detective
arrived and realized that Mary had been
killed not so long ago he interrogated
all four friends that's what their
stories told Mia was in the kitchen and
said she'd come home two hours ago and
gone to the kitchen John was reading a
book in the garden he said he hadn't
left the place that day Jennifer said
she had been swimming in a swimming pool
for three hours Jane was painting in her
room unexpectedly
the detective asked everyone to show him
their hands and found out who lied to
him immediately that person was the
murderer
how did Stevens uncover the criminal
time is ticking away
tick-tock who do you think the detective
was checking well time is out here's the
answer
pay attention to the hands of Jennifer
if she had been swimming in the pool for
so long the skin on her palms would have
been wrinkled Oh Jennifer you're pruny
hands gave you away your friend asks you
for a favor and gives you five dollars
asking you to buy something to eat
something to drink something to feed his
cow with and something to plant in his
garden at the same time you're allowed
to buy just one thing what are you going
to buy to eat to drink to feed the cow
and to plant Wow doesn't your friend
think that's a little bit too much do
you know the solution to his riddle if
not yet you still have 20 seconds
[Music]
you can go and buy a watermelon you can
eat it you can drink it you can feed the
cow with the rinds and as for the
watermelon seeds you can easily plant
them in the garden can you spot Mike
Wazowski there he is green but still
very different two young ladies were
having dinner together they both ordered
iced tea
one of them was very thirsty and drank
very fast she had five glasses during
the time the other drink only one
tragically the girl who was nursing her
drink and drinking slowly died the other
stayed alive but it turned out that all
the drinks they had been served contain
poison how is it possible that the girl
who drank more survived strange case are
you ready with the answer
[Music]
in fact the poison was contained in the
ice the ice and the tea of the girl who
drank fast didn't have time to melt but
the ice cubes and the other girls drink
melted releasing the poison into our tea
two friends Anna and Mary went for a
walk suddenly it started to rain heavily
the girls saw a seemingly abandoned
house and decided to shelter there when
the rain stopped the friends were dry
but very hungry so they set off in
different directions to find some fruit
and found an apple tree she was happy
and immediately ate an apple all of a
sudden she turned into a tree herself
half an hour later Mary arrived there in
her search for fruit and her friend she
heard someone say your friend turned it
into a tree you must find her to bring
her back you only have one chance if you
get it wrong
your friend will remain a tree forever
Mary was terrified how would she find
out which tree was her friend well there
must be some trick will ten seconds be
enough time for you to find the solution
to this dilemma
[Music]
you needed to think outside of the box
since it had just been raining all the
trees in the forest had to be wet the
only tree that wasn't wet was in
unfortunately we'll never know if Mary
was smart enough to realize that a deaf
and mute man came up to the ticket
counter at a subway station the tickets
cost 50 cents each
the man handed over a dollar and the
ticket clerk gave him two tickets
without even checking how did the ticket
seller know that the man needed two
tickets try to crack this mystery in ten
seconds
[Music]
ready or not here's the answer the deaf
and mute man gave four quarters so the
ticket clerk could be certain that he
wanted two tickets otherwise he would
have given only two of his quarters it's
as simple as that one morning the
detective had an argument with his wife
and went away without his cellphone and
the keys in the evening when he returned
home he found his colleague the scared
wife and a murdered man Stephens wife
told her story I was sitting in the
living room when I heard the doorbell I
thought it was my husband and opened the
door but a criminal pushed me and so I
stabbed him with a knife
the detective ordered the policeman to
arrest his wife because she had planned
to kill him how did the detective figure
it out time to wrack your brain
[Music]
unfortunately mrs. Stephens indeed plan
to kill her husband she went to open the
door with a knife because she thought it
was her husband once a king sentence a
man to death for a crime he had
committed however the king was a kind
man so he allowed the man to choose the
way he would prefer to die but the man
was clever and managed to say something
that saved him from the capital
punishment which death did he choose you
have only 20 seconds to figure it out
but if you need more time don't forget
you can pause the video
[Music]
well being a clever man the culprit
chose to die of old age
a detective comes to a crime scene a man
is said to jump out of a window of an
abandoned building and commit suicide
the detective goes inside the building
to the first floor to the room at the
front he lights a cigarette goes up to
the window which faces the dead man
opens it and throws the cigarette out
then he goes to the second floor and
does the same he continues until he has
visited all the floors and repeated the
action again and again then he returns
to his team and says that it was by no
means a suicide but a murder how did he
find it out it took the detective much
longer than 15 seconds to understand the
truth what about you
are you smarter
[Music]
when a person commits suicide jumping
from a high floor they don't tend to
close the window behind them but in this
case none of the windows which face the
dead man were left open it means that
there was somebody who closed them after
the man died once upon a time there was
a king he didn't have a wife or any
children he was old and worried about
his throne and the future of the kingdom
that's why he decided to do the
following he gave each child in the
country a seat and promised to make the
child who grew the most beautiful plant
his heir
three months later thousands of children
came to the palace all of them had
amazingly tall and green plants in their
hand but one girl had a pot that was
empty
however she was the one the King chose
to be the future Queen what made him do
so was the king too old to remember his
promise why would he hand his kingdom
over to the girl who had grown nothing
the truth is that the king had given the
children fake seats the girl turned out
to be the only honest child Matt wants
to get into a private club but the entry
requires a password that he doesn't know
so he steps off to the side and ease
drops on entering club members giving
the password when one club member walks
up to the door the bouncer says 12 she
replies 6 and is let in then another
member comes to the door this time when
the bouncer says 6 the man replies 3 and
gets in Matt's sure that he sees the
pattern and walks up to the door the
bouncer says 10 and Matt replies 5 to
Matt surprise the bouncer doesn't let
him in can you figure out what Matt
should have said to get in you have 10
seconds to think about it do you have
your answer ready let's see if it's the
right one Matt was actually supposed to
say how many letters there are in the
number that the bouncer says the word 12
has six letters and the word six has
three ten has three letters so the
password should have been three yeah
isn't that easy
once a famous detective Stevenson had to
find an escaped prisoner he knew the
criminal was hiding in one of these
houses but he had to know the exact
address so as to not frighten the
criminal away first he took a photo of
the houses with the help of a drone when
he looked at the photo he realized where
the criminal was so can you understand
where that fugitive was and what helped
the detective find him you have 15
seconds your time has started
[Music]
are you ready to check your guesses
the murderer was in house a you see the
car standing nearby was the only car
parked facing the road it would let the
criminal escape quickly
take a very close look at these two
photographs what is the mistake they
have in common
if you still can't figure it out let's
turn the photos upside down it looks
horrible right the eyes and lips of both
women are upside down but your brain
doesn't recognize that immediately the
thing is the brain is not used to seeing
eyes and lips in that position there is
another interesting experiment some
people can turn their tongues upside
down
good hit the like button if you were one
of them if you can do it and touch the
left side of your tongue it will sense
the touch from the opposite side because
evolution never taught the brain to read
the sensations on the tongue in that
position earth with a woman was staying
in her hotel room when somebody knocked
at the door when she opened it she saw
an unknown man he looked surprised and
said I apologize I thought it was my
room he turned away and went in the
direction of the elevators the woman
however returned to the room and dialed
security why was she so suspicious have
you already figured it out time is
ticking
[Music]
the woman logically decided that if the
man had thought that the room was his he
wouldn't have knocked such behavior is
typical for those criminals who break
into hotel rooms and steal whatever they
can they knock on the door to make sure
there's nobody inside Timbit Jacob $100
that he could predict the score of a
football match before the game began
Jacob laughed and agreed to the bet
however he lost his money why did this
happen you have ten seconds to figure
out if Tim is a psychic
[Music]
well Tim wasn't completely honest he
just used a clever wordplay he said that
the score would be zero zero and he was
right before a match starts the score is
always zero zero a man walked into a
police station claiming he had just been
mugged the police officer asked him to
describe exactly what happened so the
man explained I was on my way to the
bank and I had $100,000 in my briefcase
suddenly a man wearing black clothes a
black mask and black gloves jumped me
grabbed my briefcase and ran away the
police officer noted a fresh cut on the
man's face and asked if it were from the
attack the man replied yeah the mugger
was wearing a silver ring on his left
hand and it cut me when he punched me
the police officer immediately knew that
the man was lying how did he figure it
out times ticking this one's pretty easy
if you paid close attention to the man's
story you probably remembered that the
so-called victim said that the attacker
was wearing black gloves right so even
if the ring had cut his face through the
glove how could the man know whether the
muggers ring was made out of gold or
silver or any other material liar liar
pants on fire
how many holes does this t-shirt half
what mine oh oh the one on the screen
never mind the question doesn't specify
which holes exactly so the right answer
is 8
they are the neckline two sleeves the
bottom of the t-shirt and four holes in
the middle two in the front and two in
the back because we can see the
background through them on a snowy
winter night the detective was resting
in front of the fireplace
suddenly somebody threw a snowball at
his window the hit was so strong that
the glass shattered the detectives stood
up and had just enough time to notice
three kids who lived in the neighborhood
running away they were brothers with the
name's Sam blacksmith Peter blacksmith
and Mark blacksmith the next day a paper
note was left on the detectives door
there it was written question mark
blacksmith he threw the snowball the
detective knew immediately which brother
to question
okay now you have 15 seconds hopefully
enough time to figure it out
[Music]
the symbol question mark is called the
question mark so here we go question
mark blacksmith he threw the snowball
[Music]
there is a man who shaves a minimum of
10 times a day still he has a long beard
who is this man can you figure out the
answer to this phenomenon the man indeed
shaves but he shaves other people he's a
barber jack has a lion a lamb and a bale
of hay he wants to cross a river but
there's only one boat and it can't hold
the weight of more than two items at a
time jack also has to make sure that the
lion doesn't eat the lamb and that the
lamb doesn't eat the hay how can poor
Jack get to the other side of the river
with all three objects safe and sound
you have ten seconds to find a solution
[Music]
the plan isn't all that difficult Jack
should first take the lamb across then
he can take the bale of hay across and
bring the lamb back after that he should
take the line across but leave the lamb
finally he needs to go back for the
lonesome lamb and take it across there
all three get to the other side of the
river unharmed let's just hope that the
lion won't eat him
who
a man killed his wife in their car he
used the knife which he later threw away
into an abyss or nobody was going to
find it his wife's body he took out of
the car he was very careful and left no
fingerprints
after that he headed home and a couple
of hours he got a call from the police
they informed him that his wife had been
killed and he had to arrive at the crime
scene right away as soon as he got there
however he was suspected for the murder
how did the police realize it had been
him who was guilty and 15 seconds for
you take your time
[Music]
the husband wasn't informed of the
definite location of the crime scene
despite that he came to the right place
[Music]
an old man and his three daughters lived
in a village one day the old man got
very sick so death came to take his
spirit the oldest daughter asked death
to let her father live for two more
years and death agreed two years later
death returned for the father the second
daughter asked for mercy
so death agreed to grant the old man one
more year a year later death returned as
promised the youngest daughter came with
a candle and asked death to let her
father live until the candle in her hand
burned out death agreed however just as
the youngest daughter planned death
never returned how did the youngest
daughter save her father can you figure
it out in just 10 seconds
[Music]
the youngest daughter was smart and
simply blew out the candle after death
left that's why the candle never burned
out George Smith was murdered on Sunday
evening there were five other people in
his house mr. Smith's wife I'm betting
she did it his personal cook a butler a
housemaid and a gardener they all told
detective Stevens what they were doing
that evening mrs. Smith was reading a
book near a fireplace the cook was
making breakfast the butler was giving
instructions to workers in the living
room the housemaid was washing the
dishes the gardener was watering plants
in the greenhouse right after all the
conversations the detective arrested the
murderer who was the killer
and how did Stevens find the criminal
will you be able to solve this riddle in
15 seconds if you want more time to
consider this case you can always pause
the video
[Music]
well what is your answer the criminal
was the cook of course he was I knew
that all the time the murder was
committed in the evening but he said he
was making breakfast he had to pay more
attention to what he was saying you know
what I think mrs. Smith paid the
gardener to kill her husband because he
was having an affair with a housemaid ah
it all fits on the river it was a hot
summer day but inspector Varna he was on
duty fortunately he wasn't sitting in a
stuffy office room
the detective along with his assistant
was chasing a dangerous criminal
following in his footsteps they found
themselves on the shore of a small but
very deep and Rapid River the inspector
and his assistant saw some swimmers
approached them and asked we are looking
for a guy of approximately your age he
must be somewhere nearby have you seen
him the reply came immediately he ran
past us just a few minutes ago he flung
himself into the river right here
you can see him on the other side of the
river hurry if you want to catch him the
nice guy even offered to give Varna Key
his boat but the inspector refused let
them run away said the inspector now I
want to get acquainted with you why did
the inspector decide to pay attention to
the boys and not chase the fugitive on
the other side don't hurry with the
answer you have some time to think if
it's not enough pause the video analyze
look for any details on the picture that
can help you out
[Music]
well what could raise the suspicion to
state the guys were in but it's typical
for the beach hot summer day attired
something about the bushes the sand the
river what is your idea or perhaps you
have already figured it out so who is
the criminal if you have been attentive
you must remember that the streamflow
was very fast and the river itself deep
and rough if someone had decided to
cross it they would have immediately
drowned even if the criminal had been a
talented sportsman and managed to cross
the river he would have been taken away
from that place by the current there's
no way he could end up on the other side
so the criminal is one of those who
stood on the shore in front of the
inspector and his assistant got it right
very good give us a thumbs up and let's
move to the next riddle an old man
decided to leave all the money he'd been
saving his whole life to one of his
three sons but he couldn't decide which
son deserved the money so he provided
each of them with one coin and asked
them to buy something that would fill
their biggest room the oldest son bought
some cotton wool but it was too little
to fill the whole room the middle son
brought home straw but there was still
some empty space in the room as for the
youngest son he bought two things that
immediately filled the room earning him
his father's money what did he bring
home you have just 10 seconds to
understand what these two objects were
however if you need more time pause the
video
[Music]
the youngest son turned out to be the
wisest the money his father had given
him was more than enough to buy a box of
matches and a candle after he lit the
candle the room was instantly filled
with light
your task is the following empty one jar
of milk and one jar of water into a ball
oh wait you couldn't think this would be
that simple
there are several conditions you must be
able to differentiate between the milk
and the water you can separate the milk
from the water
and finally you aren't allowed to use
any kinds of dividers to keep these two
liquids apart wow that's a task even
Cinderella didn't have to deal with will
you be able to figure out how to
separate the inseparable 20 seconds for
you to do this
[Music]
in fact all you need to do is the pour
the water into the ball first and freeze
it then after that just add the milk and
then he have milk on the rocks a body of
a man was found in the flat at some
moment he collapsed against his desk a
gun in his hand the police found a
cassette recorder nearby when they
pressed the play button what they heard
was I can't live like this anymore
then the sound of a gunshot was heard
however the detective immediately
figured out that it was a murder how did
he realize that it wasn't a suicide
surely you already know the answer if
not you still have some time
if the man had killed himself he by no
means would have been able to rewind the
tape conclusion there was someone else
all was standing on a 100 foot high
ladder he was planning to paint one of
the walls of his house yellow
unfortunately it had rained several
hours earlier which is why he slipped
from the ladder and fell to the ground
this may seem surprising but he didn't
die or suffer an injury how did he
manage to survive the ladder was too
high for an ordinary person to fall off
without getting hurt
could Paul levitate what are your
thoughts
[Music]
the reason for this miraculous survival
was the fact that Paul was standing on
the bottom rung of the ladder the
detective was speaking to a doctor in a
waiting room when a dismayed man rushed
in and screamed somebody shot my wife
the detective asked the man to tell him
everything the man mr. Clarke said that
he was at work when his housekeeper
called him and said that something
terrible had happened to his wife and
that she was in the intensive care unit
he hung up immediately and went to the
hospital when Mr Clarke finished his
story
the detective arrested him on the
attempted murder charge why did he do
this
[Music]
can the detective read minds what is
your opinion you have just a few seconds
left to make your guess in fact mr.
Clark didn't know anything about a shot
his housekeeper only said that something
bad had happened to his wife no firearm
had been mentioned by the way are you
also keeping count of how many couples
are killing their spouses so much spouse
aside what does this say about our
society well firstly the killers all
screw it up but I digress
Christmas mystery
inspector Varna key who you already know
was on duty during the Christmas
holidays poor guy on the morning of
December 25th he went on a call he rang
the doorbell and a minute later a sleepy
apartment owner opened it the inspector
introduced himself and said I have to
inspect your apartment carefully your
neighbor says that yesterday on
Christmas Eve he came to your place for
a party and while he was singing songs
along with your family next to your
Christmas tree shining with multicolored
lights you broke into his apartment and
stole a number of valuable items the
surprised owner replied that's not true
our family celebrated Christmas Eve at
our friend's place we left our apartment
and went to them in the afternoon I had
barely time to decorate the Christmas
tree before we went away we returned
home way past midnight and went to sleep
right away if you want I can wake my
wife and son up and they'll confirm all
I've said there's no need for that
interrupt an inspector Varna key it's
quite obvious to me that your neighbour
is a liar how did inspector Varna kee
managed to catch the neighbor in a lie
so quickly
what do you think of this case let's
consider the situation together well
perhaps the man sounded very sincere but
was it enough for the inspector to
believe him
could he have the proof of the suspects
words maybe somebody saw the family
returning from visiting their friend
could the inspector noticed something
confirming the statement of the
apartment owner compare your ideas with
the answer right here why did the
detective call the neighbor a liar again
nothing too complicated or mysterious
just an exercise to check how attentive
you are if you take another look at the
Christmas tree you will notice that the
garland is missing one bulb and you know
that it wouldn't be working without it
Fiona really did decorate the Christmas
tree in a hurry and he didn't check
whether the lights were working or not
the neighbour couldn't have known this
and he lied about singing songs next to
a shining multicolored tree by the way a
Garland's frayed cord doesn't prevent it
from shining but can you imagine how
professional and attentive the inspector
is if you had the same qualities and
managed to find the answer press alike
and look at the next riddle Jane gets in
the shower but surprisingly her hair
isn't wet after she gets out how is this
possible while some solutions may look
obvious to you this situation isn't so
clear use your 10 seconds to mull it
over
[Music]
Jane's hair is dry because she didn't
turn on the water there's a magician
famous for the tricks he performs one of
such tricks is staying under the water
for 10 minutes however one day John
smart challenges the magician saying
that he will stay under the water for
two minutes longer to say that the
magician is surprised to say nothing he
accepts the bet and promises John to
give him five thousand dollars if he
does beat the record
all in all John wins and gets his money
how does he manage to do this do you
think that John could be practicing not
to breathe underwater since childhood or
perhaps he's an unfitting what's your
idea you have 20 seconds to make up your
mind
[Music]
well to tell you the truth John was
cheating just a bit
he took a glass filled it with water and
held it over his head for 12 minutes yep
always read the fine print on the
contracts you sign
[Music]
how would you name this tree write the
names that came to your mind in the
comment section below but the actual
challenge was to notice the camouflaged
bird on the trick if you did well Don a
[Music]
man carrying two bags with sand crosses
the Mexican border on a bicycle every
day customs officers regularly check the
bags and all the time
it contains sand it is obvious that the
man smuggles something but the officers
can't realize what it is exactly as they
don't have any proof
the man crosses the border without
interruptions what does he smuggle your
time has started
[Music]
this creative individual distracts the
custom officers attention with the bags
of sand but in fact he smuggles bicycles
you have two buckets of fresh tap water
the temperature of the water inside the
first bucket is 25 degrees Celsius while
the water inside the second bucket is 25
degrees Fahrenheit
you drop a coin into each bucket the
height is the same the speed of the
coins is the same and they hit the water
at the same time but can you predict
which coin will touch the bottom first
10 seconds to solve this puzzle the coin
in the first bucket will fall to the
bottom of the bucket first at 25 degrees
Celsius water is liquid while at 25
degrees Fahrenheit it turns into ice a
[Music]
man told the police that he had come
home from work to find his wife's dead
body lying in the middle of the parlor
he said she had apparently found his gun
in his desk and shot herself
however the policeman knew at once that
the man was lying how did he know 15
seconds is all you have to solve this
mystery
[Music]
the policeman noticed that the man had
an empty gun holster attached to his
Bell it meant he'd either been about to
take the gun with him or had it on him
all along
the former couldn't be true because he
said he'd come home from work and found
his wife dead that's why we are left
with the latter not the latter the
latter which proves that the man had
actually shot his wife apartment complex
in New York in an apartment complex
typical for New York there are 100
married couples so no wonder that when
one of the husbands cheats on his wife
with one of the other wives his wife has
no idea but you know the law of life the
truth always gets revealed and with a
large amount of gossip in the complex
all of the other wives know he is
cheating but unlike any other place the
rules of punishment for unfaithfulness
in this complex are very peculiar and
even terrifying if a wife finds out that
her husband is cheating on her she kills
him the following morning whoops
and guess what happens someone
anonymously sends an email to all of the
wives in the building saying that at
least one man is cheating on his wife in
the building how many husbands will be
killed and how long will it take
well this riddle is a bit further up on
the cruelty scale but don't let it
bother and distract you this task seems
to challenge your logical thinking are
you ready to face it off don't hurry and
don't give up remember you can pause the
video take a piece of paper and a pen
and do whatever you need to solve this
riddle draw a scheme perhaps or a dead
husband so let's uncover the truth now
how many husbands and how much time
[Applause]
[Music]
all of the men let's say that their
quantity is n who are cheating will be
killed and it will take one less night
than the number of the cheating men n
minus one for their wives to discover
this if one man was cheating and his
wife hadn't heard of any other
infidelity she would know it was her
husband that was cheating if there were
two men cheating both of their wives
would think that since they have only
heard of one man cheating he should die
the next morning if he doesn't die they
decide that their husband must also be
cheating and that's why the other
husband didn't die following this logic
you know that all of the men will die
after one last night than the number of
the cheating men voila
how did this one seem to you mind
twisting or easy-peasy good for you if
you manage to solve it if not don't get
upset it indeed was confusing
why does a hairstylist prefer to cut the
hair of two blondes than one red haired
person you have ten seconds to
understand the quirk of this stylist
[Music]
well obviously the stylist prefers two
blondes after all he gets paid twice as
much for two haircuts than for one Sam
Princeton is so unhappy with his life so
frustrated with his boss picking at him
and so angry with himself for being too
weak to leave his job and start a new
life that he shoots himself right
between his eyes in the bathroom the
bullets are real the revolver is real as
well
however in just a second Sam goes out of
the bathroom alive and unharmed how is
it possible hmm that's not a piece of
cake
or perhaps you've already figured it out
if not you still have 20 seconds to use
[Music]
the thing is that Sam didn't shoot at
his real self he shot his reflection in
the mirror can you manage this one in
five seconds I'll give you 20 seconds
but try to solve it as fast as possible
the mistake is not in the numbers or
their colors the mistake is that the
word spot appears twice your brain
doesn't always show you the reality it
often shows what it is used to
there are many short texts on the
internet that have repeating words that
most people don't notice until they
finish the text and read the description
if you have bad eyes you might have
noticed that things most often words you
couldn't see from a distance become
clearer when somebody tells you what's
written there it's not that your eyes
became better
it's your brain completes the picture a
man is accused of killing his wife his
lawyer in his final statement declares
that the wife of the man in fact hasn't
been killed and will enter the courtroom
in a minute everybody in the room
including the judge and the jury turns
and looks at the door and the lawyer
with the defendant looks at them several
minutes pass and the lawyer says it
proves that you are not so sure that my
client has killed his wife otherwise you
wouldn't believe me
almost immediately after that the jury
comes up with a guilty verdict why does
it happen 15 seconds to find the answer
[Music]
the man who had been accused wasn't
looking at the door he was sure his wife
wouldn't enter as he had killed her
there is a patch of magic grass in a
field and it doubles in quantity every
day if on day one it's one patch of
grass on day two there will be two
patches and so on it takes ten days for
the grass to cover the entire field how
long will it take for the grass to cover
half of the field hide your calculators
they won't help you out better turn on
your lateral thinking
the grass doubles in quantity every day
so on the ninth day it will be half the
quantity it is on the tenth day half of
the field will be covered on the ninth
day Tom was walking in the woods when he
suddenly came upon a big house the house
look abandoned so Tom in true scary
movie form decided to check it out but
as soon as he walked in you know what
happened the door behind him slammed
shut
Tom found a note saying the door behind
him is locked but there are four
unlocked doors that he can use to get
out the problem is what's behind those
doors if Tom opens the first door he'll
immediately fall into a tank full of
hungry sharks the room behind the second
door is filled with lethal gas behind
the third door awaits an unescapable
well full of water and if Tom chooses
the fourth door he'll face a chainsaw
wielding serial killer who murdered 100
people in 1918 alone dang psycho
so which door should Tom choose to
survive you're ten seconds starts now
what a choice to make huh looks like
death is behind each one well death is
waiting behind each door except for the
last one
although the killer sounds like the last
thing you'd want to choose
he was slaying people a century ago so
Tom will probably just be met by a dusty
old skeleton covered in cobwebs harmless
well unless you don't like dust or
spiders mr. and mrs. Clyde went on a
trip to the mountains but two days later
mr. Clyde returned home alone he went to
the police and said that mrs. Clyde had
fallen to her death
the next day detective Stevens visited
mr. Clyde and arrested him for his
wife's murder
Clyde confessed his guilt and asked the
detective how he found out he was the
murderer Steven said he simply called a
travel agent and asked for some
information what did the travel agent
say to the detective
[Music]
what is your version did it have
anything to do with the insurance
perhaps you have just a few seconds left
do you know the answer the words of the
travel agent shed light on the whole
situation mr. Clyde bought two plane
tickets to the mountains and only one
return ticket ah if only mrs. Clyde had
known hey blame the Beatles she didn't
have a ticket to ride hot summer day it
was a hot summer day and a police
detective decided to catch a little Sun
by the banks of a river suddenly he
heard a woman crying
surely he couldn't help but rush to help
what's happened he asked the sobbing
girl please calm down and tell me
everything one step at a time that's
easy for you to say said the girl
between sobs you can't even imagine how
dear that bracelet was to me I come here
every day today I took off my bracelet
while sunbathing placed it on top of my
book and accidentally fell asleep I woke
up and the bracelet wasn't there anymore
the inspector fell into deep thought
there were no footsteps left by other
people in the sand around where the girl
had been sitting apart from her own
there were no other people in the
vicinity it followed that only one of
the regular visitors to the beach could
have taken the bracelet these people had
now formed a thick wall all around the
inspector he looked at them and within a
moment understood who could have taken
it clever him what about you what's your
idea hmm
maybe the thief is the guy with the
tennis racket he seems to look too
innocent or the woman she is the only
one holding a bag perhaps she put the
bracelet inside do you agree time is
running out you need to give the answer
soon
[Music]
the main hint here was the phrase that
there were no footprints around the
place and the only person who could
reach the bracelet without leaving any
footsteps in the sand is the one with
the fishing rod he was the first person
to fall under suspicion an unlucky man
gets trapped in a room there are only
two doors through which he can escape
however behind the first door is a room
made from magnifying glass as soon as
the man sets foot in there the boiling
hot Sun will instantly fry him as for
the second door it hides a furious
fire-breathing dragon how can the man
escape will you be able to help free the
man from the trap remember that you have
just ten seconds to do this
it's actually pretty simple to escape
from the room the man has to wait until
sunset and leave through the first door
in the city where people are keen on
brain teasers and riddles four percent
of people don't list their phone numbers
so if we select 40 random people from
the phone directory how many of them
will have unlisted numbers oops
seems you'll have to apply some
knowledge of mathematics here 20 seconds
to refresh everything you've ever
learned the answer may make you
indignant you've opened your math school
books after all but it's zero percent if
the numbers of these forty people are in
the phone directory
they are already listed by default do
you see a hidden baby that's not mine
either
if you follow the thin branches of the
tree you will see the outline of a baby
in the fetal position its feet and toes
are on the right side of the picture
arms are in the middle and head is on
the left one more thing
it's good that he doesn't have teeth
because his bark is better than his bite
a woman was having breakfast at a nice
restaurant at one moment she noticed a
fly in her coffee
she was indignant and made the waiter
bring her another cup of the drink after
he returned with a new cup of coffee she
shouted what is the service in this
place you have brought me the same cup
of coffee
how did she understand it perhaps the
woman was a psychic what do you think
[Music]
she had already put sugar in her
previous cup of coffee when she tried
the new one it was sweet there are ten
people in a room they are standing in a
circle so that each person can see the
entire room and everyone else you must
place an apple in such a way that all
the people but one can see it where do
you place the apple hmm isn't this a
tough question could there be any nooks
or secret spots in the room
10 seconds to figure it out in fact you
don't need any special hiding spots to
fulfill the conditions of the riddle
just place the Apple on someone's head
Adam is given a deck of 52 cards he
knows that there are 13 cards facing up
while the rest are facing down in a
random order he needs to create two
piles with the same number of cards
facing up oh and Adam is blindfolded and
can't see a thing
so how can he do it
easy Adam just needs to take the first
13 cards from the top and simply flip
them over done if you don't believe it
let's break it down together imagine you
took the first 13 cards from the top
let's say there are nine cards in that
group that are facing up
that means the remaining pile would only
have four cards facing up since we know
from the beginning that thirteen of the
52 cards were facing up so if you flip
the first pile over four cards will be
facing up and nine will be facing down
four and four there you go a Millionaire
was shot in the forehead at his own home
detective Stevens spoke to the
millionaires three sons Jack John and
James who were at home Jack said that
night John their father oh let me guess
the wife's name is Jane I'll bet anyway
the father had been at an official
reception they arrived home and entered
the living room his father came in first
then John and Jack himself when their
father came up to the stairs
James entered the living room and shot
their father John confirmed Jack's
information James said he had visited
his friends that night when he arrived
home his father had already been dead
the detective understood everything
immediately so who was the killer
and how did Stephens resolve that case
what do you think
[Music]
the word of one brother against two
others a tricky case or have you already
figured out what happened let's check if
you were right John and Jack lied if
James had killed their father a bullet
would have shot him in the nape because
he wanted to go upstairs
however the wound was on his forehead
all right I was thinking it was Jane but
now you have seven guests at your
birthday party and you've got to figure
out how to cut your round birthday cake
only three times to make eight equal
size slices seven for your guests and
one for you of course
times a-tickin and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces do the
same thing but this time horizontally to
make four slices your third and final
cut should be laterally across the cake
which will quickly turn your four slices
into eight so how'd you do on this one
and no worries he still got tons more a
[Music]
truck driver isn't paying attention to
the road and gets stuck under an
overpass that is a mere inches too low
for his truck he starts panicking and
calls his boss however his boss gives
him an order after fulfilling which the
driver manages to get out of the trap
with ease
what is the boss's order are you as
experienced as the drivers boss 10
seconds more and we'll figure it out
the boss told the man to let the air out
of his tires this way the truck became a
couple of inches shorter and managed to
back out of the overpass which line is
longer of course line a is longer that's
so obvious right
well not for everybody or rather not
always there was a research on
conformity that looked like this
five people were asked which of two
lines was longer the answer was always
simple but four of the tested people
were asked to lie so technically there
was only one real subject the people
lied very convincingly so the subject
didn't want to stand out and gave the
wrong answer
the same phenomenon can be illustrated
with jokes if you're in a group of
people and somebody tells a joke that
everybody finds funny you will laugh too
even if you don't get it or don't think
it's funny well maybe not you but
approximately 75 percent of people do so
and of course everybody laughs at my
jokes right liars
a man was found shot to death in his car
the policemen were puzzled as there was
no gunpowder on his clothes or anywhere
else in the car this meant the person
who shot him was outside but all the
windows were closed all the doors locked
and the only bullet hole was on the
man's body how was it possible perhaps
some mystic powers here's your 15
seconds
[Music]
the answer is actually quite simple the
car where the man had been killed was a
convertible when the fatal shot sounded
the roof was down
there are two cars blue and red the blue
car is going at a speed of 60 miles per
hour and the speed of the red car is 40
miles per hour they both started at the
same point in time however after some
time on the road they still cross each
other at some point how is that possible
which laws of physics do these cars
neglect to encounter each other can you
understand this in just 10 seconds
[Music]
the trick lies in the fact that they are
traveling in opposite directions look
carefully at these five figures the
question is simple which one of these
objects does not belong in the group a
good old odd one out riddle here are
your ten seconds did you figure it out
get it
figure anyway if you choose the first
figure congratulations you're absolutely
right and why is that because it's the
only object that doesn't have an
individual trait the second one is round
which is different from any other shape
the third object doesn't have an outline
around it the fourth one is a different
color from the rest and the fifth shape
is much smaller than the others so we're
simply left with the first figure which
is the only one that's not odd in any
way yeah
tricked yeah Mary and Ben lived with
their four friends one day Ben came home
and found Mary dead on a sofa bummer
he called the police the detective
arrived and realized that Mary had been
killed not so long ago he interrogated
all four friends that's what their
stories told Mia was in the kitchen and
said she'd come home two hours ago and
gone to the kitchen John was reading a
book in the garden he said he hadn't
left the place that day Jennifer said
she had been swimming in a swimming pool
for three hours Jane was painting in her
room unexpectedly
the detective asked everyone to show him
their hands and found out who lied to
him immediately that person was the
murderer
how did Stevens uncover the criminal
time is ticking away
tick-tock who do you think the detective
was checking well time is out here's the
answer
pay attention to the hands of Jennifer
if she had been swimming in the pool for
so long the skin on her palms would have
been wrinkled Oh Jennifer you're pruny
hands gave you away your friend asks you
for a favor and gives you five dollars
asking you to buy something to eat
something to drink something to feed his
cow with and something to plant in his
garden at the same time you're allowed
to buy just one thing what are you going
to buy to eat to drink to feed the cow
and to plant Wow doesn't your friend
think that's a little bit too much do
you know the solution to his riddle if
not yet you still have 20 seconds
[Music]
you can go and buy a watermelon you can
eat it you can drink it you can feed the
cow with the rinds and as for the
watermelon seeds you can easily plant
them in the garden can you spot Mike
Wazowski there he is green but still
very different two young ladies were
having dinner together they both ordered
iced tea one of them was very thirsty
and drank very fast she had five glasses
during the time the other drink only one
tragically the girl who was nursing her
drink and drinking slowly died the other
stayed alive but it turned out that all
the drinks they had been served contain
poison how is it possible that the girl
who drank more survived strange case are
you ready with the answer
in fact the poison was contained in the
ice the ice and the tea of the girl who
drank fast didn't have time to melt but
the ice cubes and the other girls drink
melted releasing the poison into our
team two friends an and Mary went for a
walk suddenly it started to rain heavily
the girls saw a seemingly abandoned
house and decided to shelter there when
the rain stopped the friends were dry
but very hungry
so they set off in different directions
to find some fruit and found an apple
tree she was happy and immediately ate
an apple all of a sudden she turned into
a tree herself half an hour later Mary
arrived there in her search for fruit
and her friend she heard someone say
your friend turned into a tree you must
find her to bring her back
you only have one chance if you get it
wrong
your friend will remain a tree forever
Mary was terrified how would she find
out which tree was her friend well there
must be some trick will 10 seconds be
enough time for you to find the solution
to this dilemma
[Music]
you needed to think outside of the box
since it had just been raining all the
trees in the forest had to be wet the
only tree that wasn't wet was in
unfortunately we'll never know if Mary
was smart enough to realize that a deaf
and mute man came up to the ticket
counter at a subway station the tickets
cost 50 cents each
the man handed over a dollar and the
ticket clerk gave him two tickets
without even checking how did the ticket
seller know that the man needed two
tickets try to crack this mystery in ten
seconds
[Music]
ready or not here's the answer the deaf
and mute man gave four quarters so the
ticket clerk could be certain that he
wanted two tickets otherwise he would
have given only two of his quarters it's
as simple as that one morning the
detective had an argument with his wife
and went away without his cellphone and
the keys in the evening when he returned
home he found his colleague the scared
wife and a murdered man Stephens wife
told her story I was sitting in the
living room when I heard the doorbell I
thought it was my husband and opened the
door but a criminal pushed me and so I
stabbed him with a knife
the detective ordered the policeman to
arrest his wife because she had planned
to kill him how did the detective figure
it out time to wrack your brain
[Music]
unfortunately mrs. Stephens indeed plan
to kill her husband she went to open the
door with a knife because she thought it
was her husband once a king sentence a
man to death for a crime he had
committed however the king was a kind
man so he allowed the man to choose the
way he would prefer to die but the man
was clever and managed to say something
that saved him from the capital
punishment which death did he choose you
have only 20 seconds to figure it out
but if you need more time don't forget
you can pause the video
[Music]
well being a clever man the culprit
chose to die of old age
a detective comes to a crime scene a man
is said to jump out of a window of an
abandoned building and commit suicide
the detective goes inside the building
to the first floor to the room at the
front he lights a cigarette goes up to
the window which faces the dead man
opens it and throws the cigarette out
then he goes to the second floor and
does the same he continues until he has
visited all the floors and repeated the
action again and again then he returns
to his team and says that it was by no
means a suicide but a murder how did he
find it out it took the detective much
longer than 15 seconds to understand the
truth what about you
are you smarter
[Music]
when a person commits suicide jumping
from a high floor they don't tend to
close the window behind them but in this
case none of the windows which face the
dead man were left open it means that
there was somebody who closed them after
the man died once upon a time there was
a king he didn't have a wife or any
children he was old and worried about
his throne in the future of the kingdom
that's why he decided to do the
following he gave each child in the
country a seat and promised to make the
child who grew the most beautiful plant
his heir three months later thousands of
children came to the palace all of them
had amazingly tall and green plants in
their hand but one girl had a pot that
was empty
however she was the one the king chose
to be the future Queen what made him do
so was the king too old to remember his
promise why would he hand his kingdom
over to the girl who had grown nothing
the truth is that the king had given the
children fake seats the girl turned out
to be the only honest child Matt wants
to get into a private club but the entry
requires a password that he doesn't know
so he steps off to the side and ease
drops on entering club members giving
the password when one club member walks
up to the door the bouncer says 12 she
replies 6 and is let in then another
member comes to the door this time when
the bouncer says 6 the man replies 3 and
gets in Matt's sure that he sees the
pattern and walks up to the door the
bouncer says 10 and Matt replies 5 to
Matt surprise the bouncer doesn't let
him in can you figure out what Matt
should have said to get in you have 10
seconds to think about it do you have
your answer ready let's see if it's the
right one Matt was actually supposed to
say how many litters there are in the
number that the bouncer says the word
12s six letters and the word six has
three ten has three letters so the
password should have been three yeah
isn't that easy once a famous detective
Stephenson had to find an escaped
prisoner